Haha, if you want to kill me, you are an impostor.
Come on, do it!
Presumptuous boy
You kid is also brave enough
A few days ago, I pretended to be the Lord of God to attend the engagement.
Now he is pretending to be the Lord of God to participate in the wind reception
I think you really want to be destroyed by the nine clans?
how
I told you the truth and want to kill you?
Hum Xu Shaode
Offend God
You are killing yourself
Brother Jiu shouted softly
Protect your throat
After the temple belongs to the mansion of the god general of Zhenguo
When you shout?
Xue Shaode, if you want to die
This God does not recommend looking for it now
you
Don't think I don't know that your Jinghong sword is fake.
God after death
The real Jinghong sword has always been with the master
Besides, the real Jin Hongjian
The hilt of the sword is crossed by the golden dragon diamond
You don't have a golden dragon diamond at all.
As soon as Jiang Longjian came out that day
I really didn't notice the hilt of the sword
Is there a golden dragon diamond?
The young master is so questioning
Could it be true what he said?
Can you kill me if you want?
Take out the real golden red sword
Then I'll let you see it clearly today, okay?
I want to see how long you can last
I can't help it.